README.md, before:

# SQL Sales Analysis Project

## 📌 Overview
This project is a comprehensive **SQL Sales Analysis** exercise covering **fundamentals to advanced SQL concepts**.  
It focuses on real-world sales data scenarios involving customers, orders, products, and reporting.

The goal of this project is to build strong SQL skills for **data analysis**, **business reporting**, and **analytics roles**.

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```text
sql-sales-analysis-project/
│
├── SQL/
│   ├── First_Project.sql          # Basic SQL queries and practice
│   ├── Joins.sql                  # Join-based queries across tables
│   └── Queries_Sections.sql       # Structured SQL exercises by topic
│
├── PDF/
│   └── SQL_Fundamentals_to_Advanced_Sales_Analysis_Project.pdf
│
└── README.md

---

## 🎯 Key Learning Areas
- SQL fundamentals: `SELECT`, `WHERE`, `ORDER BY`, `LIMIT`
- Aggregate functions: `SUM`, `COUNT`, `AVG`, `MAX`, `MIN`
- `GROUP BY` and `HAVING`
- Joins: `INNER JOIN`, `LEFT JOIN`, `RIGHT JOIN`, `FULL OUTER JOIN`
- Multi-table and nested queries
- Data filtering using `AND`, `OR`, `NOT`
- Real-world sales analysis and reporting use cases

---

## ▶️ How to Use
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/ahmermehmood7007/sql-sales-analysis-project.git

Commit message:

Improve README formatting and link usability
Updated the 'How to Use' section for better clarity and added a clickable link.

README.md, after:

# SQL Sales Analysis Project

## 📌 Overview
This project is a comprehensive **SQL Sales Analysis** exercise covering **fundamentals to advanced SQL concepts**.  
It focuses on real-world sales data scenarios involving customers, orders, products, and reporting.

The goal of this project is to build strong SQL skills for **data analysis**, **business reporting**, and **analytics roles**.

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```text
sql-sales-analysis-project/
│
├── SQL/
│   ├── First_Project.sql          # Basic SQL queries and practice
│   ├── Joins.sql                  # Join-based queries across tables
│   └── Queries_Sections.sql       # Structured SQL exercises by topic
│
├── PDF/
│   └── SQL_Fundamentals_to_Advanced_Sales_Analysis_Project.pdf
│
└── README.md

➡️ This keeps **alignment + readability** exactly like developers expect.

---

### 🔧 FIX 2: “How to Use” (make link clickable)

```markdown
## ▶️ How to Use

1. Clone the repository:

👉 https://github.com/ahmermehmood7007/sql-sales-analysis-project

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ahmermehmood7007/sql-sales-analysis-project.git


## ▶️ How to Use
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/ahmermehmood7007/sql-sales-analysis-project.git
